(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
(Melissa)
Jack just jackhammered
all of Sector Security
with one blast from his
Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend!
And now, Yuya's in the line
of fire!
I used this
Action Spell
to zip past
your flames, Jack.
Yay!
Yeah!
Yuya made it!
Hurry up and make
your move.
I mean
your dad's move...
Unless of course you have
the guts to be your own man!
(Yuya)
There's a monster
I can Synchro Summon
only after I Pendulum Summon!
This is something unique
that only I can do!
Unbelievable!
Now I Synchro Summon!
Nirvana High Paladin!
Aah!
Elysium Elimination!
Well done.
You're taking dueltaining
and Pendulum Summoning,
the very best
of both worlds,
and combining the two
of them into one.
So that's
what Jack meant...
that I was only copying
what my dad was doing,
not really learning
and weaving it
into my own style.
That's just what
I'm gonna do!
My monsters are ready...
to swing
into action!
Get ready, 'cause I've saved
the best for last!
♪
♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Melissa)
Jack summoned his Tyrant
Red Dragon Archfiend early on
and he's giving Yuya
a schooling!
By contrast,
the team Yuya assembled
looks downright
pre‐school!
Time to use
what I've learned
from all my friends and family
and win this duel!
Here's a card
that's guaranteed
to turn Jack's frown
upside down.
Even your Tyrant Red Dragon
Archfiend is gonna crack
a smile when it gets
a power‐up...
Well, maybe not.
But those 600 extra attack
points certainly have turned
my troupe into a group
of grinners and winners!
And I'll follow that move
by having Radish Horse
veg out by using
its special ability!
Watch it take
1,100 attack points
from Tyrant Red Dragon
Archfiend
and toss 'em over to Odd‐Eyes,
to give
my Pendulum Dragon
a massive power infusion!
See? Veggies do
make you stronger!
Stronger than Jack Atlas's
Dragon, that's for sure!
And now Yuya can rally
all his monsters and win this!
Yes! The finish line
is in his sights!
How disconcerting!
Jack better
pull it together!
I activate the trap
Over the Red!
Since my Tyrant lost
attack points,
this card doubles
its remaining ones
until the end
of this turn!
Then by banishing Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend,
I can add its attack points
to my Tyrant as well!
(Melissa) Well, flip
me like a flapjack!
Look at all those
attack points!
It's incredible...
He must've learned
how to duel by watching me.
Only if his eyes
were closed.
I'm the best of the best,
and I aim to stay that way!
You haven't buckled yet,
but if you want to knock
this King from his top spot,
you've got to show
some more backbone!
Let's see if you can stand up to
the heat of my fiery friend!
Oh, I will, Jack.
That's a guarantee!
And I'll take
what my dad taught me,
and what I learned
from everyone around me...
and take my game
to a whole new level!
Aah! Is he off
his rocker?
You're up next,
Nirvana High Paladin!
Use your Pendulum ability
on Timebreaker Magician!
So Timebreaker Magician
can no longer be destroyed,
plus I won't take any damage!
All right,
go Timebreaker!
Attack Tyrant Red Dragon
Archfiend!
That monster's too puny
to take on Tyrant!
It looks like
an itty‐bitty fruit fly
trying to take down
a grizzly bear!
It's true my guy
won't win this battle,
but Nirvana's effect
on Timebreaker
hasn't fully
played out yet.
See, once it's done fighting,
it weakens your Dragon!
(Terron)
2,000 attack points gone!
Not bad!
Yes, but in terms
of pure power,
Jack's Tyrant still
has a tyrannical advantage!
I thought you were bringing
your A‐game today,
but you and your monsters
have flunked miserably!
We'll make the grade,
just wait and see!
We've been saving
the very best for last!
It's showtime!
You tell 'em,
Yuya!
Hey, Crow!
Thought you should know
that your duel
has brought the whole city
to a standstill.
All the crazy chaos
has calmed down
and you're about
to have plenty of company!
Who has time
to fight
when the duel of
the century is going on?
Win this one for me,
buddy!
All right...
You got it!
Now get set,
let's keep the party going!
And what's a party without
some surprises?
Nirvana High Paladin
can use
its Pendulum ability
on another monster.
This time,
swing it onto one
that's a Level higher
than Timebreaker Magician.
Let's hoof it,
Radish Horse!
Use your noggin and knock
that Dragon for a loop!
(beeping)
(Duel Chaser 227)
If enjoying this duel
is a crime,
then lock me up
and throw away the key!
What do you say to the long arm
of the law
giving these two VIPs
an escort?
(all shouting)
I've got some more
ba‐aad news for you
because now Nirvana
High Paladin's
effect bounces over
to Performapal Gumgumouton!
I bet once it attacks,
Mouton's not as sheepish
as it looks!
(all giggling)
Right!
Let it rip, Gumgumouton!
Ram that Tyrant
with all your might!
It's getting weaker
and weaker!
Yuya's monsters just keep
hammering away!
Well, Gong do declare.
This is the most
pendulumtainin' duel
Gong's ever seen!
Yuya sure did save
the best for last.
It certainly
is a moving moment!
Oh, I'm so honored!
He's dueling
just like me.
A move this special deserves
to be named
by someone only as special
as me and no one else.
I'm going to call it...
The Pendulum Pummeler!
Huh?
(Yuya)
Bubblebowwow,
it's over to you!
Give that Tyrant Red Dragon
Archfiend
a good scrubbing!
Sic 'im,
Bubblebowwow!
That's one powerhouse pooch!
Keep it going, Yuya!
Hang in there,
buddy!
Huh?
What's going on down there?
Aah!
Hovering hamsters!
Somebody better call a doc,
'cause our fair city
is suffering
some major congestion!
Folks are gathering
from all over
to watch the big duel!
Supervisor Lazar, are you
enjoying the match?
I hope the view
is to your liking.
The view is okay,
but the match is taking
my breath away.
I haven't seen
a good win in ages
and I know I won't
come away disappointed.
Very clever!
You used your moves to send
a message to the whole city!
None of those four monsters
were especially strong
by themselves,
but by working together
they made a huge impact!
That's just what'll happen
in New Domino
if people pull together!
You've proven yourself
a worthy adversary,
but you still have to prove
you can beat me!
Ha!
All right, Yuya!
It all comes down
to this.
Time to find out
who will reign supreme!
You got it!
Here I go!
My friends,
here comes the grand finale!
(cheering)
That's just what
I wanted to hear!
My monsters from Levels three
to six have all attacked.
So that leaves...
(all)
Seven!
Right you are!
The last monster
of my troupe to attack
will be my Level Seven
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Go ahead, Yuya!
Attack away!
(crowd chanting)
Yuya! Yuya! Yuya!
Yuya! Yuya! Yuya! Yuya!
(Melissa)
Folks, I can feel
the electricity!
The whole city has rallied
behind Yuya!
This is so cool.
I never thought
this day would come.
Huh?
The city is now one...
and we're finally together
having some fun,
and it's all thanks
to the bestest dueltainer
there ever was, Yuya!
Ready, my friends?
Let's bring this
to an end together!
(all)
We're with you, Yuya!
Odd‐Eyes...
Pendulum Dragon!
Attack Tyrant...
Red Dragon...
Archfiend!
Spiral Flame Strike!
And now, it's the end
of the show, Jack...
And the curtain falls
on you!
That's a wrap!
(Melissa)
The Friendship Cup has
a new champion, Yuya Sakaki!
With his powerful combination
of Pendulum Summoning
and dueltaining pizzazz,
this amazing duelist
has not only captured
New Domino City's
top dueling prize,
he's captured
our hearts as well!
(all)
Yeah!
(cheering)
(crowd chanting)
Yuya! Yuya! Yuya!
Yuya! Yuya!
Ha ha!
(children)
Oh yeah!
Yuya! Yuya! Yuya!
Yuya! Yuya!
Yuya! Yuya! Yuya! Yuya!
Yuya! Yuya! Yuya!
(Gong sobbing)
Gong so happy...
(chuckling)
You dueled great,
Jack.
There's nothing great
about losing.
(stammering)
Sorry, Jack!
You may have been
the better man today.
But that doesn't mean
you'll be the better man
tomorrow.
Oh, well.
I relinquish my crown
to you, for now.
But believe me,
I'll regain it soon enough.
I certainly had my doubts...
(chuckling)
but I'll give this battle
a two‐star performance.
Thanks! Beats zero stars
for sure.
Dueling you was
the ultimate blast.
It looks like the rest
of the city agrees.
And next time I'm gonna get
a four out of four!
Today is a great day.
The only way it could have
been better is if I had won.
But it wasn't
meant to be.
You all have
a new champion,
so let's give him
his 15 minutes of fame.
Let's hear it for
Yuya, New Domino City!
He earned it today!
(all cheering)
(Gale)Jack and Yuya, stay where
you are and do not move!
It's the council.
Wonder what
those windbags want?
The High Council sure knows
how to get our attention.
My fellow citizens, now
that our Friendship Cup
has reachedits
exhilarating conclusion,
the council has deemed
thisan ideal moment
to announce some momentous
newsfor the whole city!
The Friendship Cup was
founded to encourage harmony
between Topsiders
and Commons.
Each year, the city
would hold a tournament
to determine the most
powerful duelist among the
people.
(White)
The winner,
whether Topsider or Commons,
would be crowned champion.
And that champion would
serve
as a symbol to
all our city
that opportunity exists
for all who live here.
We believed this
systemwas working,
benefiting Topsiderand
Common alike.
Instead of bringing
the people together,
we may have
unintentionally torn
the good people
of New Domino apart.
(Azul)
We have come to realize
that if New Domino City
is to survive,
change is needed
and everyone in our society
must somehow come together
as they never have before.
With unrest breaking out
across the city,
that goal seemed impossible,
but today Jack and Yuya
showed us the city
can be unified.
New Domino will no longer
be divided in two.
Instead, you must
work together
to build a better future
for all our citizens!
As a first step,
the members of the council
have agreed to step down
immediately.
We believe the future
of New Domino City
should be entrusted to a new
and younger generation.
This direction is one
we deem to be sound.
Do you, citizens of
New Domino City,
agree as well?
(cheering)
(Melissa)
Folks, whether you're
a Topsider, or a Common,
or somewhere in between,
I think we can all agree
this is
a truly momentous moment!
Yesiree, this day is gonna be
one for the history books!
And since I've been
right smack dab
in the middle
of everything,
there will probably be
a chapter about me!
(stammering)
Yuya, are you ready
to take your victory lap?
Yep!
Sounds good.
Yuya!Roget took Zuzu!
He did what?
That snake!
What happened, Sora?
We were getting
outta there
when Roget just showed up
outta nowhere!
I barely made it out
of there in one piece.
Then there's no time
to waste.
Roget said that
he's taking Zuzu...
back to...
Duel Academy...
Aah!
Sora!
(White)Yuya! It seems
you need a ride
to Sector
Security Headquarters.
Be sure to buckle up!
You're nuts! Only a madman
would program
his own headquarters
to self‐destruct!
What better way
to cover my tracks
than to leave
no tracks at all?
A brilliant plan indeed.
Except all your other plans
went nowhere!
You're a failure!
Ahh!
The whole place could blow!
Let's move it!
I'm warning you!
Remember, I already took down
two of your allies!
Watch out or the same thing
might happen to you!
You're sicker
than sick!
Risking all these lives
to cover your escape!
You know you've been
beaten, Roget!
You can't cut it here,
so you're cutting out,
a scared little puppy dog
scurrying back to Duel Academy!
That's enough!
This is not a retreat,
missy!
I haven't lost!
This is a minor setback.
But I will return!
(Declan)
I don't think so, Roget.
You won't have a chance
to come back, because
you're never leaving here.
What's that?
There's been a slight change
in your plans.
Oh, I should have known
you would show up.
Then you should have thought
of a better way to escape.
But thinking isn't one
of your strong suits, now is it?
Case in point, you actually
thought you could escape
back to Duel Academy
with Zuzu.
Sure, she could be
a good bargaining chip
to curry favor
with my father...
But there's one small
problem.
To make it any further
you'd have to get past me,
and I'm about to expose you
for the gutless rat you are.
Ahh!
You have two options, Roget.
Option one,
surrender Zuzu to us.
Option two,
resist and we'll force you
to surrender...
and get Zuzu back
anyway.
Is that so?
Well, I prefer to go
with Option Three.
I have other escape
routes, Dec‐lame!
(grunts)
Are you okay?
Wait! Declan!
(grunting)
It was foolish of you
to come after me.
No doubt you believe
you have the upper hand,
but I am going to
prove you wrong...
by breaking you.
Though I'm willing
to make you an offer.
If you truly want
to save Zuzu Boyle,
then take her place and come
with me as my prisoner
to Duel Academy
and face your father.
You're kidding me,
right?
Not so.
If I showed up with you
instead of Zuzu,
the Professor
would be thrilled.
Just imagine the reception
I would get bringing home
the Professor's
rebellious son
so that he could receive
his punishment!
Keep dreaming.
When I go
to Duel Academy,
it will be on my terms
and my terms alone.
If you're so tough,
then you shouldn't have
any trouble
outdueling me!
Let's do this.
(computer)
Generating Action Field:
Crossover.
Let's duel!
And now
for your demise.
To start, I'll activate
the spell Polymerization
and use it to fuse
two Ancient Gear Soldiers!
Utilizing my vast
combat experience,
along with my superior
tactical intellect,
I will reconfigure my pair
of mechanized warriors
into a devastating
war machine!
I Fusion Summon
Ancient Gear Howitzer!
And for my next move,
I'll activate this!
It's the spell
Ancient Gear Magic Shield!
I'll equip it onto
Ancient Gear Howitzer!
By equipping this shield,
my Howitzer can't
be destroyed in battle,
and gains
1,200 defense points,
and now it's special ability
activates!
For each spell card
on my field,
you take
1,000 points of damage!
A somersault and a cartwheel.
Nice moves, Declan.
But you don't have the moves
to take out my monster
because Magic Shield
protects it
from all
your card effects.
Why do you think
Duel Academy sent me here?
Because I alone was capable
of conquering this dimension,
just as I will
conquer you!
Don't worry, Zuzu.
Roget isn't taking you
anywhere!
That's a promise.
♪